





	 	
Decision Letter (TCAD-2011-0407.R2)

From:

tcad@umn.edu

To:

shengyushen@gmail.com

CC:

sdailey@umn.edu, kunz@eit.uni-kl.de

Subject:

Transactions on Computer-Aided Design of Integrated Circuits and Systems - Decision on Manuscript ID TCAD-2011-0407.R2

Body:

@@date to be populated upon sending@@ 

Dear Dr. Shen: 

It is a pleasure to accept your manuscript entitled "Inferring Assertion for Complementary Synthesis" for publication as a short paper in the Transactions on Computer-Aided Design of Integrated Circuits and Systems. The comments of the reviewer(s) who reviewed your manuscript are included at the foot of this letter.

Instructions for preparing the final manuscript and supporting documents are available at URL: 
http://www.umn.edu/~tcad/authors/accept.html 

The following wording must appear on the first page of all PDF's when a final paper is submitted: 

Copyright (c) 2011 IEEE. Personal use of this material is 
permitted. However, permission to use this material 
for any other purposes must be obtained from the IEEE by
sending an email to pubs-permissions@ieee.org. 

Please upload all necessary items within the next three weeks. Postponement will cause your paper to be removed from the list awaiting publication. 


Thank you for your contribution. 

Sincerely, 
Prof. Sachin Sapatnekar 
Editor-in-Chief, Transactions on Computer-Aided Design of Integrated Circuits and Systems 
tcad@umn.edu 


Reviewer(s)' Comments to Author: 

Reviewer: 1 
Comments to the Author 
The manuscript has improved further. Performance improvements and bugfixes are welcome too. 

Reviewer: 2 
Comments to the Author 
Thanks for the authors' clarification. 
One minor issue is that "Runtime 2" and "Runtime 3" are not discussed in the main text. 
Other than that the paper is acceptable for publication. 

Reviewer: 3 
Comments to the Author 
You did not address my comment. 

The invariants you generate are very simple (up to 6 variables/pins). 
Variables of those invariants have simple interpretation (like RESET or TEST_MODE). 
And even if the meaning of some pin is unknown one can take a look at the manual. 
So these variables can be set to correct values without checking how many reversible encoders satisfy the invariant. 
I suggested three ways how my comment can be taken into account. (One of them 
was just admitting that finding right assigments to the variables of invariants you generated 
was straightforward.) 

You reply that a CHIP ITSELF (not the invariant you obtained) may have up to 120 pins. 
So you justify the second part of you paper (about multiple decoders satisfying the same invariant) 
by referring to the complexity of the first part (where you describe generation of an invariant). 

I am not talking about the complexity of invariant generation. My point is that the second part 
is redundant for all 4 examples you list in the paper. The reason is that finding correct assignments to the variables of invariants is trivial. 
These invariants contain a small number of variables. 


Associate Editor: Kunz, Wolfgang 
Comments to the Author: 
The paper is now almost ready for publication. 
For your final version, 
it is important that you address the comments of one of the reviewers regarding invariant generation. 
He has re-stated and explained his concerns. 
Please adress them appropriately.

Date Sent:

27-Feb-2012

 

   
